Part III: Implementation of the queue data type in another language (Total: 40 point)
For part III, please put your answer in a text file named XXX-hw06.txt, where XXX is your class student
number.

a. (20 point)
Discuss how you use the ideas given in queue.lhs file and the property testing examples you learned
in class in your implementation. For example, you may wish to describe how you apply the property
testing method learned in the functional programming framework (via quickCheck) to associate and/or
to convert from the given code queue.lhs to the code (procedural language) you implemented.

I choosed front_empty as property i, and front_add as property ii for queue test. Queue represented
by 2 stacks are defined as queue2stk class in python script. Most of the methods in queue2stk are 
translated from queue.lhs, other methods are for printing purpose and class initialization.

For property i test, I defined the behavior within a function that takes a single generic value and 
returns boolean. An empty queue is initialized in the function and locally add an element passed as
the function input, then judge if the front element of current queue is equal to the element passed.
I picked negative, positive, zero number and character as test input, and they all returns true.

For property ii test, similar to property i defined a test function. When queue passed to function
is invariant(in another word under valid form) and is not empty, comparison is performed. I picked
an empty queue and a non-empty queue that returns value of false and true, which identified the 
front_add property only work in the precondition that queue is not empty and is invariant.

b. (20 point)
In class, we performed property testing (in the functional programming framework) to verify an
implementation of the queue data type. Describe and discuss how to adopt this approach of property
testing to other procedural programming tasks

The top choice to implement an overall test on whether datatype just defined or complicated functions,
is to find an automatic testing framework available for the language that you are working with. For
example, it is available to use Robot Framework in Python, it is operation system and application 
independent, the tests are executed from command line with optional parameters or variables passed.

The second choice is to write a automatic input generation program feeding to the test, and read
the testing result from console or shell. Manually design the size and range of data input to test.